Exploiting the Domain Controller
With the ability to run commands
as the domain administrator user,
one way we can get access to the
domain controller is by using the
PowerShell New-PSSession cmdlet to open a
new session against a remote host.
To do this we’ll first attempt to discover
the domain controller’s hostname
to ensure that we’re targeting
the correct server.
Running nslookup without any options
starts it in interactive mode,
allowing us to set the type
of record we are looking for.
In this case, the type we
are looking for is “all”.
Next, we do a lookup on the LDAP DC entry
within the sandbox.local domain.
This results in nslookup returning the
hostname of the domain controller.
With the hostname acquired,
we’ll launch powershell.
We’ll use New-PSSession,
with the -Computer flag to start a new
session on the domain controller,
which will be saved in the dcsesh object.
From here, we can use the
Invoke-Command cmdlet
to run a command against
the domain controller.
We need to pass in the session we
just created with the -Session flag,
and the command we want to execute
with the -ScriptBlock option.
The command that we want executed
must be wrapped in curly braces.
Now that we know we can execute
commands against the Domain Controller,
we'll transfer and execute
a meterpreter shell.
We can again use the same
whoami.exe with the AV bypass.
First, we’ll transfer the shell
to the Domain Controller.
For this, we’ll use the PowerShell
command Copy-Item.
For Copy-Item to transfer to another host,
we must provide the file to transfer,
the destination of the transfer,
and the PowerShell session
we created earlier.
With the file transferred,
we need to execute it.
Let’s background the current meterpreter
shell and start a new listener.
We’ll start the new payload
handler as a background job
by using the -j flag with
the exploit command.
Now that the listener is running in the
background, we need to go back
to the session on Cevapi in order to
execute the shell on the Domain Controller
Finally, we’ll execute the
PowerShell command
to run the whoami binary
on the Domain Controller.
After executing the binary, we receive
a new meterpreter session.
Let’s background the session on Cevapi,
and interact with the new one we
received from the domain controller.
We now have access to
the domain controller
with an administrative user,
and have reached our goal.
Excellent! Our pentest is
now considered successful.